readme.md, before:

# Reddit photo slideshow

We are going to use what we've learned so far to create a basic slideshow using images taken from reddit via AJAX.

#### Content Warning

Reddit sometimes contains some offensive images be careful with your search terms. If you want to ensure that you do not get NSFW (Not Safe For Work) items. You can filter it by adding "nsfw:no" to the end of the search query.

**Example:** http://www.reddit.com/search.json?q=cats+nsfw:no

## Getting Started

* Fork and clone this repository
* Rough out how you want your basic site to look

## Requirements/User Experience

#### Page should load with

* Some sort of title
* A short description telling the user what to do
* A blank text field
* A Button ("start" or "go" or "search")

#### When the user enters a search term and presses enter

* The form / title / description should hide
* Show a loading message (optional)
* Fetch related posts from reddit (with `fetch`)
* Display animation / slideshow of images (with DOM manipulation)
* Show a button to stop / reset the animation
* Repeat animation until use clicks "stop"

#### When the user clicks the "stop" button

* Animation stops / images are removed
* Form / title / description are shown again
* User can enter a new search term


## Suggested proccess

It is important to break down any development project in to smaller pieces and tackle them one at a time. Here is a list of how you might want to attack this project.

* Create your form (HTML/CSS)
* Prevent default form submission and verify that you can type something into the form
* Use AJAX to make a request. Show data in console
* Create an array of image URLs (tip: use [filter](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/filter) and [map](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/map)).
* Make the form / title / description hide
* Cycle through images
    * tip: use [setInterval](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WindowTimers/setInterval)
    * Either add images, or change the `src` of a single image tag
* Add some interesting style / animation
* Create button to stop animation (tip: use [clearInterval](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WindowTimers/clearInterval)).

## Example Deliverables

![Slide 1](./examples/ajaxexample1.jpg)

---

![Slide 2](./examples/ajaxexample2.jpg)


## Bonus

* Make a smooth transition to next slide (e.g., a fade out)

---

## Licensing
1. All content is licensed under a CC-BY-NC-SA 4.0 license.
2. All software code is licensed under GNU GPLv3. For commercial use or alternative licensing, please contact legal@ga.co.

Commit message:

Added live url to readme.md

readme.md, after:

# Link to live project: 
https://patricia-pan.github.io/fetch-reddit-slideshow/
This took me around 4 hours to code, and after completing it I spent another hour asking questions about CSS and better understanding forEach vs. map. 

# Reddit photo slideshow

We are going to use what we've learned so far to create a basic slideshow using images taken from reddit via AJAX.

#### Content Warning

Reddit sometimes contains some offensive images be careful with your search terms. If you want to ensure that you do not get NSFW (Not Safe For Work) items. You can filter it by adding "nsfw:no" to the end of the search query.

**Example:** http://www.reddit.com/search.json?q=cats+nsfw:no

## Getting Started

* Fork and clone this repository
* Rough out how you want your basic site to look

## Requirements/User Experience

#### Page should load with

* Some sort of title
* A short description telling the user what to do
* A blank text field
* A Button ("start" or "go" or "search")

#### When the user enters a search term and presses enter

* The form / title / description should hide
* Show a loading message (optional)
* Fetch related posts from reddit (with `fetch`)
* Display animation / slideshow of images (with DOM manipulation)
* Show a button to stop / reset the animation
* Repeat animation until use clicks "stop"

#### When the user clicks the "stop" button

* Animation stops / images are removed
* Form / title / description are shown again
* User can enter a new search term


## Suggested proccess

It is important to break down any development project in to smaller pieces and tackle them one at a time. Here is a list of how you might want to attack this project.

* Create your form (HTML/CSS)
* Prevent default form submission and verify that you can type something into the form
* Use AJAX to make a request. Show data in console
* Create an array of image URLs (tip: use [filter](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/filter) and [map](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/map)).
* Make the form / title / description hide
* Cycle through images
    * tip: use [setInterval](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WindowTimers/setInterval)
    * Either add images, or change the `src` of a single image tag
* Add some interesting style / animation
* Create button to stop animation (tip: use [clearInterval](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WindowTimers/clearInterval)).

## Example Deliverables

![Slide 1](./examples/ajaxexample1.jpg)

---

![Slide 2](./examples/ajaxexample2.jpg)


## Bonus

* Make a smooth transition to next slide (e.g., a fade out)

---

## Licensing
1. All content is licensed under a CC-BY-NC-SA 4.0 license.
2. All software code is licensed under GNU GPLv3. For commercial use or alternative licensing, please contact legal@ga.co.
